Lab 06 Writeup

Team Members
Lindsay Best
Edward Whitesel

Reflection Questions: 

4.1: Linux shell comands to add my_second_file.py to github.com

git clone git@github.com:my-name/my-imaginary-repo.git
cd my-imaginary-repo
touch my_second_file.py
echo 'print("Hello World")' > my_second_file.py
git add my_second_file.py
git commit -m "Add my_second_file.py with Hello World"
git push origin main  

4.2: For this lab the workflow was to write the code on the host computer and push to the rpi through secure copy. Any of the on the fly changes
where made through vi on the RPI  To be more efficent in the next lab we would get more comfortable with the Git push to update faster and 
more efficently.

4.3: The reason while there is still a delay is due to the function ultrasonicRead() in the grovepi library.
This function has a command to sleep for 60 ms before it reads the result back which is what is causing the constant
delay, even though the sleep for 200ms is taken out of the starter code. Raspberry Pi uses the I2C protocol to talk
with the ATmega328p on the GrovePi. I2C is an inter-integrated circuit, and uses a two-wire communication protocol
used for communication between microcontrollers (rpi) and peripheral devices (grovepi).

4.4: The GrovePi library reports the integers between 0-1023 due to having a 10-bit analog to digital converter. The Grove 
Rotart Angle sensor outputs a voltage between 0 and 5V and the GrovePi reports values between 0-1023 (10 bit ADC). The conversion 
works by dividing the sensor voltage by the reference voltage and multipling by 1023. The Rpi cannot do this as it does not 
have an analog to digital converter built in and only reads voltage signals as high and low. 

4.5: If my LCD RGB Backlight screen was not display text with no errors in the code there are a few ways that I would debug it. 
If the screen is not lit I would change the LCD or cable bus connecting the LCD and Grove. If the screen is lit first 
I would confirm the LCD is being detected through I2C throught the command line 'i2cdetect -y 1'. If it does not show that it is connected
it could be an issue with the wiring, I2C bus, or if I2C is disabled. If that is working fine and there are still issues
I would then verify that I am actually writing to the LCD and that I am intializing the LCD correctly. 